Remove `eofs` (#1621)
Ouranosinc/xclim: CHANGES.rst

* `bump2version` has been replaced with `bump-my-version` to bump the version number using configurations set in the `pyproject.toml` file. (:issue:`1557`, :pull:`1569`).
* `xclim`'s units registry and units formatting are now extended from `cf-xarray`. The exponent sign "^" is now never added in the ``units`` attribute. For example, square meters are given as "m2" instead of "m^2" by xclim, both are still accepted as input. (:issue:`1010`, :pull:`1590`).
* `yamale` is now listed as a core dependency (was previously listed in the `dev` installation recipe). (:issue:`1595`, :pull:`1596`).

> * Due to a licensing limitation, the experimental bias correction algorithm based on `eofs` (``xclim.sdba.properties.first_eof``) has been removed from `xclim`. (:issue:`1620`, :pull:`1621`).

Reviewer: not a big deal but it is not really a bias correction alg, more a tool to evaluate different bc methods.

Author: Good to know, thanks! I have no idea what goes on in `sdba`. I'll update this.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Due to a licensing limitation, the calculation of empirical orthogonal function  based on `eofs` (``xclim.sdba.properties.first_eof``) has been removed from `xclim`. (:issue:`1620`, :pull:`1621`).
```
